rockchip docu (#181)
owncast/owncast.github.io: content/docs/codecs.md

{{< alert icon="💡" text="Note for OBS users: It has been found that enabling nvenc while running the OBS auto-configuration wizard can result in errors. If you intend to run this configuration wizard against your Owncast server you may need to turn off nvenc temporarily in your Owncast settings while running it." >}}

> ### Rokchip (h264_rkmpp)

Reviewer: Typo

> ### Rokchip (h264_rkmpp)

Reviewer: This Rockchip section is in the middle of the Nvidia section. After your changes, the Nvidia documentation continues with `ffmpeg` documentation.

Hardware support for rockchip chipset boards like Orange Pi 5.

> Rockchip uses **h264_rkmpp** encoder to encode via hardware to increase the speed of the encoding and use less cpu, you can download it from **jellyfin** project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rockchip uses the `h264_rkmpp` codec to encode via hardware to increase the speed of the encoding and use less cpu. However, the version of `ffmpeg` that comes with the Orange Pi, or that you can download from `ffmpeg` directly will not have `h264_rkmpp` support enabled. You will need a specific version of `ffmpeg` built with this support. You can download it from **jellyfin** project:
```
